README.md, before:

# RYH-Hackathon-Vultr-Track

This repository contains the codebase for the Raise Your Hack Hackathon project, featuring a Next.js frontend and a Python backend.

## About the Project

### HiredMind

This is an AI Powered Hiring Application that can handle all the steps involving the hiring process. This application will handle multiple AI Agents workflows to complete all the necessary steps involved in it.

## Project Structure

-   **frontend/**: Next.js application
-   **backend/**: Python backend (managed with the `uv` package manager)

---

## Setup Instructions

### Frontend (Next.js)

1. Navigate to the `frontend` directory:
    ```bash
    cd frontend
    ```
2. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
3. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
    The app will typically be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

---

### Backend (Python with uv)

1. Navigate to the `backend` directory:
    ```bash
    cd backend
    ```
2. Build the project (if needed) and install dependencies using `uv`:

    ```bash
    uv sync
    ```

    This will install all dependencies specified in `pyproject.toml`.

3. Run your backend application as needed (e.g., with `python main.py` or your preferred entrypoint).

Commit message:

Add my contribution section to README.md

README.md, after:

# RYH-Hackathon-Vultr-Track

This repository contains the codebase for the Raise Your Hack Hackathon project, featuring a Next.js frontend and a Python backend.

## About the Project

### HiredMind

This is an AI Powered Hiring Application that can handle all the steps involving the hiring process. This application will handle multiple AI Agents workflows to complete all the necessary steps involved in it.

### My Contribution

I am contributing to this project by improving the documentation and code quality.

## Project Structure

-   **frontend/**: Next.js application
-   **backend/**: Python backend (managed with the `uv` package manager)

---

## Setup Instructions

### Frontend (Next.js)

1. Navigate to the `frontend` directory:
    ```bash
    cd frontend
    ```
2. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
3. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
    The app will typically be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

---

### Backend (Python with uv)

1. Navigate to the `backend` directory:
    ```bash
    cd backend
    ```
2. Build the project (if needed) and install dependencies using `uv`:

    ```bash
    uv sync
    ```

    This will install all dependencies specified in `pyproject.toml`.

3. Run your backend application as needed (e.g., with `python main.py` or your preferred entrypoint).
